lecture 2: 

slide 1:
Students will build the Airport Info skill in this chapter which will make requests to a json api and speak the results.  They will use an utterances definition as before, but will add a slot to their utterance definition to pass data into the service.

slide 2: 
Utterance definitions resolve spoken words to intents. The definition is added to the online skill interface.
The user's utterance is compared to a set of example utterance definitions registered in the alexa skill interface.

slide 3:
The utterance is compared to a set of example utterance definitions registered in the alexa skill interface.
These definitions in turn are used to match a user's words to an intent and put their words in a slot so that it can be used in an intent handler.

slide 4:
The skill interface also puts applicable words into a "slot" so that they can be used as parameters in a program. 
A slot takes a spoken word and maps it into a variable that is then retrieved in the intent handler in the skill service.
Slots are specified in the utterance samples that are configured in the skill interface. 

slide 5:
The intent schema is where you define the slots that can be used in an utterance and their type
and list the intents that the skill service implements.
The intent schema is registered in the skill interface at the skill configuration step on Amazon's Alexa skill portal.
Here we defined a slot called AIRPORTCODE with a type of FAACODES.

slide  6: 
When you define slot, you specify json that describes the intent the slot is a part of. 

slide 7:
The slot type determines which values a user's spoken utterances that match a slot's position can be resolved to.
A slot type is a list of targets a sound could possibly be, and the skill interface resolves the sound to the closest match in the list.
The types above are amazon provided types which should be available for any slot type definition. 

slide 8:
A custom slot type resolves a user's spoken words to a list of words you provide to indicate to the NLU what possible matches can be. In the Airport Info skill example, we will define a list of airport codes that the NLU can resolve a user's spoken words to. 

slide 9:
Amazon provides us with some standard slot types, but sometimes you will want to make your own. Custom slot types really make the Echo a move more organic and lively platform.
Amazon has provided developers with an interface to make custom slot types.
A custom slot is used anytime user input is required that does not belong to the Amazon provided slot types.
You specify a list of possible values and the data type name in the skill interface. 
Then, the new type is available as to be associated in the Intent Schema.

slide 10:
Reading the slot value in the intent gives access to the value that mapped to it. 
This is done in the intent handler defintion, in the skill service.
